This is a primarily a Yaoi [Male x Male] server and we will not tolerate any homophobic comments.
AGE REQUIREMENT:
1) All users must be 18 or older to join
2) Channels that state nsfw in their names can only have messages written by users who are 18+ years old with the exception of #nsfw-general 
3) If you mention that you are underage, you will be presumed to be under 18 years old and will be banned. If you tell us it was just a joke afterwards, it is too late(edited)
NATIVE LANGUAGE:
1) English is the conversational language in this forum. Foreign languages cannot be used in voicechat
2) Don't use other languages unless in DMs
3) We want to keep public content open to all members so they can participate(edited)
NATIVE LANGUAGE:
1) English is the conversational language in this forum. Foreign languages cannot be used in voicechat
2) Don't use other languages unless in DMs
3) We want to keep public content open to all members so they can participate
DISCORD ETIQUETTE:
1) Do not spam, troll or flood any channel. You may chat all you want in designated channels but we will delete messages if necessary. Trolls will immediately be banned. If you are a troll, you most likely are not here for the same reason most of us are
2) Do not be rude to Kohai (Moderator) or Shitagi (Staff). If you have any problems [unfairness or complaints] with a staff member, do not take it upon yourself to resolve it by openly telling everyone. Please submit all issues to a Kohai (Moderator)
3) Do not harass or be rude to other users and no flame wars please! If you are not a Kohai (Moderator) or Shitagi (Staff), you should not be taking it upon yourself to confront or reprimand other members of the server, whether in channels or by DM. The correct action to take is to report the issue that you believe is questionable or breaks the server rules by messaging a Kohai (Moderator). We will investigate and handle all reported issues on a case by case basis
4) You can report to a Kohai (Moderator) if someone did not follow the rules. We will review the chat history and take action accordingly. When reporting, please provide screenshots if possible
INAPPROPRIATE MESSAGES:
1) Sensitive issues such as anti-gay, military, religion and political issues, etc. are not allowed anywhere on the server
2) Yuri hate messages
3) Infringing on a person or a group's equality - gender, class, race, etc.
4) Straight hentai materials, futanari and shota, including sending/sharing of it is not allowed. Shota in #shounen_ai is allowed if everyone is fully clothed and not depicted in a sexual position
NO ADVERTISING:
1) Posting a link or statement that is not related to the server and whose purpose is to direct people to another server is not allowed, unless approved by Kohai, and if you would like to share a personal video, stream or account (YouTube, Twitch, etc.), please ask for approval from Kohai as well
2) Trying to use the server as a tool to advertise sites, goods, services, etc.
MULTIPLE ACCOUNTS:
1) Do not create multiple accounts. This includes family/friends sharing the same computer or on the same IP.
2) All multiple accounts are treated as impersonation of another person, cheating, and various purposes not approved by this server
3) MULTIPLE PERSONALITIES: Do not impersonate as someone or pretending to be someone you are not - to cheat feelings of people, making false announcements or do something that's not acceptable by this server. This is a reminder on what you should not do and if it's a personal issue,  please handle it outside of the server. Remember: don't trust anyone entirely over the Internet
NSFW:
1) <#327045818920075265>, #shounen_ai, #artistalley, and #nutsnbolts are for SFW content ONLY. Even insinuating at something NSFW will not be tolerated moving forward.
2) Please take advantage of the NSFW channels if you're going to engage in such conversations
BE SMART:
1) Ask clarifying questions if you don't understand something. Intelligent messages usually give a good image of yourself and earns respect of other users
2) Help whenever you can, even if you are not a Kohai (Moderator) or Shitagi (Staff). 
3) We have to be a little strict now to keep it safe, fun, and a better place for everyone. Please do not look at us as a scary bunch! We are a crazy and fun bunch!
Warning/Ban Appeals:
You may appeal to a Kohai (Moderator) through a direct message if you think there's a mistake for some reason. However, please note that if you really did do or say something that's against the rules, the warning and ban will stay even if you think you are right. This is a server that has its own set of rules and please do not compare it with another server; we are all different. Rules are there for a reason and don't repeat infractions as we usually give friendly reminders.
We never want to use them as a way to punish or embarrass you. Please treat warnings as a reminder and temporary ban as a break from the server to think things over. A permanent ban is only issued when we have decided that you keep on breaking the rules or refuse to listen to staff or if it's an age issue. If you still think you are right after everything and hates the staff's decisions, this server is not for you. If you really love the server, you will know what to do.
